All right so in the last video we created our boat page and we added the page container which is going
to be the grid that we use for all in our pages.
Now the article does each channel is going to be pretty similar.
We're gonna add like a couple extra things in the main article but the layout will be the same basically.
So going to copy the about Dot each team all content and go to Article dot each to Ellen Page set in.
All right.
And then we'll go up to the top here.
Let's change the title.
We'll just say
for the title we'll just say the latest news I guess it doesn't really matter.
And then we want to remove the current from the about so we're not going to have a class of current
because the article page is not in the menu.
And then for the section let's give it an idea of article like that and we're going to keep the page
contain.
We're going to keep the the article tag here and let's see for the h 1 0 1 thing we didn't do is is
add the L heading.
So let's do that real quick.
So that's obviously a utility class.
So let's put it
put it right under the padding here.
So let's say a class l heading and I believe I did.
Font Size 3 room.
Let's see what that looks like.
All right yeah.
Good.
So for the article we have our heading which I'm going to change.
I'm just going to do large five for the title.
And underneath the H one we're gonna have some metadata.
Okay so an article or a blog post usually will have things like the author date stuff like that.
So we're gonna create a class a div with the class of meta and inside meta.
I'm going to put a small tag.
OK I don't I don't know if we went over small tags.
Basically it's an it's an inline element that will make the text smaller by default I forget what the
percentages but it makes it a little smaller.
And then in here I'm going to I'm going to put an icon of a user just make sure we use font awesome
up here.
Yes we did.
So let's say I with the class of F.A. s dots F A Dash user.
And the reason I want this icon is because I'm putting the author's name.
So it's just a little icon next to the author name we're gonna say written let's say written by John
Doe and then we'll just put the date.
I'll just say like January January 12th 2019.
Okay so that's in the small tag and then we want to have a div with the class of category because we
want to put the category here as well.
And this is we're going to say an entertainment article so we have a class of category dash Ian T and
let's say entertainment and then let's see under that we can just keep the same text.
But one thing that we do need is an image.
So I'm going to put the image above the H1 actually.
So we'll do image.
Let's point to image slash articles and we'll use and one since this is an entertainment article and
that should be good.
Let's see.
Let's save it and let's see what it looks like.
So if I go to the home page I have all of these pointing to Article dot h t email and that's what it's
going to look like and we're going to style this matter a little bit.
But I also want to add an extra box on the side here are right here up above.
Which will be a list of categories.
So let's scroll down here to where we have our aside which is the join our club and I'm going to change
the color for this page will say secondary that's what's good about having these utility classes that
you can easily change things around the site and then you have variables in the CSX file which makes
it easy to change the values.
Now I want to go right above this and let's create another aside and this aside is also going to it's
going to have an I.D. of categories but let's give it a class of card and we'll put an H two in here
and we'll say categories
and under the H two we'll have a L and we're gonna use our lists class and we'll do an ally and let's
just put a link that goes nowhere and we're gonna have this.
We're gonna put little Chevron icons next to each one so let's use font awesome here we'll do I dot
F.A. s and the icon is F.A. dash Chevron dash right like that and then let's put a space after it and
then we'll put sports OK and then I'm gonna grab this and just copy it down let's do one two three four
more and we'll change this one let's see we have sports
entertainment let's do technology
fashion and shopping.
It doesn't matter.
OK.
So save that.
And there we go it automatically gets put in the sidebar so the grid is pretty powerful.
You know we just add display grid.
Add a couple grid template columns maybe some spans and we have our layout for all of our inner pages
without having to do floats or anything like that.
Now I just want to style this this meta area because it doesn't look very good it's very squished together
I just want and I also want to give it like some some a look of texture so we'll add a background color
to it as well.
So let's go into our style sheet here and let's go down.
We're targeting something that's on a specific page now.
So going to go under home articles right above the footer and let's say the idea of article
and then we want the class of meta
so I'm actually going to use flex for this.
This is this is definitely something that you would use flex for and you can see the difference between
using grid and flex like the grid is good for this type of thing.
This this the layout of all the boxes and stuff and then flex is good for inner elements aligning stuff
like this or menus and you know just small simple stuff that's that's one dimensional.
So let's say display flex and you could use the grid for this but I think it's it's stupid to use the
grid for this and then we're going to let's let's justify our content and we want to we want to do space
between K I want I want the category to be over to the right because if we look at the markup in the
meta we have this is now a flex box right.
And then the small tag is going to be one flex item.
This is another and we want space in between the two.
So it pushes the category over and then let's do a actually let's do a line items center as well and
then we'll do a background.
Gonna do a background of Triple E and just add some padding.
So zero point five room and let's save that take a look good.
Now this even though we align center this this category I want to push it down just a little bit.
So let's do article dot met a category and same margin top let's do zero point for random and that just
pushes it down a little bit into the middle.
OK.
So I think that's it guys are our site is complete except for the responsiveness of it.
If I if we bring this down to Mobile size you'll see that things two things don't look very well.
So we're gonna have to just add some media queries and make this look good.
All right so I'll start doing that in the next video.